Even if you can't make it to the beach this year, there's still plenty of opportunities to see some of the fantastic fauna and flora found around coastlines in our free galleries.
Often under-appreciated by beachgoers, we're kicking off our beach-themed thread with some stunning seaweeds collected in Pembrokeshire and Devon – see this display in Hintze Hall! 
Today, a photograph is usually the best way to bring home a souvenir of wildlife sightings. But before that was so easy artwork like Ferdinand Bauer's offered a look at distant species like this blue swimmer crab (Portunus armatus) - see it in Images of Nature!
From fantastic fans to organ pipes, it's not hard to appreciate the beautiful diversity of shapes found in coral. A glimpse of a coral reef drives many a holiday-goer, but you can also get a close-up look at many varieties In our Marine Invertebrates gallery.
Ever picked up a shell as you strolled along the sand? We'd hazard a guess that your finds haven't been quite as large as this giant clam (Tridacna sp.) on display in Lasting Impressions (social media manager hand for scale - yes you can get your hands on this!)
Whale-watching trips are a popular way to see some of the large mammals living around coastlines, but we doubt you'd get the same view as our pod of soaring cetacean models – see them in the Mammals gallery.
She sells sea shells by the sea shore: Mary Anning is our beach-going inspiration – her incredible discoveries on England's Jurassic Coast fill the walls of our Fossil Marine Reptiles gallery! 
And finally: Ichthyosaurs and plesiosaurs may be tough to find, but if you've visited the beaches of Jurassic coast, you've probably picked up one or two of these prehistoric sea creatures – meet the ammonite!
Want a sense of what it might be like to share the waters with the extinct reptiles? Check out our recreation of Rhomaleosaurus:
Mary Anning was a palaeontology pioneer! Learn more about her life and amazing discoveries here:
This weekend, come and see the ducks, enjoy the countryside vistas, the cows, and the sweeping forests, all painted in vibrant detail by the Flemish master #PeterPaulRubens.
Top tips for a great family day out at the Museum of London! Whether this is your first time at the museum or you've been through our doors before, here's our guide to make your visit a day out to remember.
Which portrait from our Collection would you want to step into on a summer's day? Do you fancy relaxing in a garden and getting lost in a book? Or finding somewhere in the shade to snooze?
Ok so we’ve heard of Bee flies but DYK about louse flies? This #FlyFriday take a look at Crataerina pallida the swift louse fly. These external parasites are specifically adapted to their hosts - see the hooked appendages on its legs to grasp feathers?
The pinned Mydidae collection at @NHM_Diptera @NHM_London has now all been specimen level databased! We have 801 adults in the collection. The numbers may not seem large but the specimens are!
Visit #OurBrokenPlanet at the Museum, where a new section of the display opens today! Explore the products we use and how they affect the natural world
Explore our world-famous dinosaur gallery before it opens to the public with our brand new Dinotours, starting this weekend. Book now to secure your tour.
Alessandro Gruzza had visited this spot many times, but he'd never seen these conditions. The water had frozen to a rich blue, the first snowfall of the year edging the pond’s curves. See his image at #WPY56 before it closes on 1 August.
Orchids make up 8% of the world's flowering plants. We can't get enough of them: millions are bought and sold every year, and illegal sales of wild plants run rampant. Why the fascination? And why it is a problem? Find out in our podcast: https://podcasts.apple.com/gb/podcast/wild-crimes/id1573174327
This is the Peppered Moth (Biston betularia.) A sooty black form of this species was prevalent in industrial areas correlating with levels of pollution. White form with black markings is the usual form.
Ever wondered what a fossil dig in the UK looks like? Paleontologists have uncovered thousands of creatures that once lived on a Jurassic seabed. Join Museum scientists on their fossil hunt.
Some moths have developed bizarre ways to survive. Cryptoses moths depend on sloths - living in their fur and laying eggs in their poo. Once the caterpillars turn into adult moths, they fly into the trees to find their own host sloths.
With the next section of the #OurBrokenPlanet display opening on Friday 23 July, we'll be unpicking some of the issues caused by our use of materials, in our next free online events.
Ending up as goo smeared around an engine is a real risk for birds. A team of scientists at the Museum play a crucial part in working out the identities of the victims. 
Paleontologists have uncovered an incredible number of rare fossils from the mid Jurassic in a quarry in the Cotswolds, including over 1,000 fossil crinoids.
These fossils will shine a light on the evolution of sea urchins, starfish, sea lilies and feather stars.
What’s so special about the Ganges river dolphin? | Live Talk with NHM Scientist
Richard Owen was born #OTD in 1804. Owen was considered an outstanding naturalist with a remarkable gift for interpreting fossils. While Charles Darwin was on the Voyage of the Beagle he sent Owen all his fossil mammals to describe and name: 
The founding of the Natural History Museum in London can be traced back to the ambition of one man: Sir Richard Owen.
Born #OnThisDay in 1804 Owen was a talented anatomist, a tutor to royalty, and is often credited with the discovery of the dinosaurs.
From cotton to concrete, we all rely on materials taken from the natural world. But with dwindling resources and rising levels of pollution, is it time to rethink the products we use?
When #Apollo11 astronauts stepped out onto the surface of the Moon #OnThisDay in 1969, they were walking out into a harsh environment where temperatures can range from -173°C to 127°C. Discover more facts about our closest celestial neighbour:
Book your night in the Museum: tickets for our roarsome Dino Snores sleepovers are now available!
Sometimes flies can hear even better than humans, but they don't process sounds in quite the same way as us. @NHM_Diptera Curator @flygirlNHM, explains.
Think moths are drab and boring? What about this Elephant hawk moth spotted by our digitiser Niki in her garden moth trap. If you want to set up a moth trap this #MothWeek check out her blog post on setting one up: 
This is the skeleton of the vaquita, the world’s smallest porpoise and one of the most endangered species on our planet, currently on display in #NHMFantasticBeasts #InternationalSaveTheVaquitaDay
Vaquitas live off the coast of Mexico, where they are often caught accidentally in illegal fishing nets. Like the Wizarding World's Graphorn, vaquita populations have fallen to very low numbers 
Conservationists have tried everything from captive breeding at sea to redesigning fishing gear in order to keep this species from disappearing forever #InternationalSaveTheVaquitaDay. Check out #NHMFantasticBeasts for more:
The Reverend Gilbert White was born #OnThisDay in 1720. His lifelong love of nature, coupled with a talent for observing and recording the wildlife around him, meant he would come to transform the way we look at the natural world.
#DYK that not all moths are creatures of the night? Some gorgeously colourful moths are day-flying species. In celebration of #MothWeek, here are 9 of the most colourful, distinctive and pleasingly patterned species found in the UK:
Snakes can grow to colossal sizes. Some can even reach 10 metres long - that's longer than a giraffe is tall! GiraffeSnake #WorldSnakeDay Find out which snakes are the longest and heaviest of all:
The Big #ButterflyCount is underway! Over 111,500 citizen scientists took past last year, but with your help  @savebutterflies  could make 2021 the biggest count ever  Butterfly Join the UK-wide survey at http://bigbutterflycount.org and help assess our environment.
There are more than 3,500 species of snake around the world, but they are threatened by habitat loss and the impact of climate change.  For World Snake Day we are looking at the skeleton, the amazing jointed skull allows a snake to swallow prey larger than its head.
Snake venom can be deadly, so why would anyone want to collect it? Ronald Jenner, a venom expert at the Museum, explains. 
Of the four snake species that live wild in Britain, only the adder (Vipera berus) is venomous. But they're rather shy and reclusive, not aggressive. 
